### Reasoning

The included script is meant to simulate a client application sending a valid [credential response](https://jolocom-lib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/interactionFlows.html#request-credentials-from-another-identity), to the running example service.

This would normally be handled by the [Jolocom SmartWallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jolocomwallet&hl=en) after scanning the QR code using the mobile phone camera. The provided script is a faster, simpler way to test and develop without having to rely on any external dependencies.

#### Usage

After you start the demo service using `yarn start`, you can open the browser and navigate to `http://localhost:9000` to see the example application running.

Once you click <b>Continue with Jolocom</b>, a QR code encoding the credential sequest will be rendered. At this point a random user id will be generated for this individual interaction, and the service will wait for the client to complete the interaction by sending the requested credentials encoded as a valid [credential response](https://jolocom-lib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/interactionFlows.html#request-credentials-from-another-identity) to 

```
http://localhost:9000/authenticate/:randomUserId
```

This is exactly what this script does, sends a credential response containing a valid verifiable credentials to the aforementioned endpoint.

#### Running the script

With the demo service running, once you click 'Continue with Jolocom', if you inspect the logs generated by the server, you should see something simillar to the following output:

```
$ ./node_modules/.bin/ts-node -O '{"module": "commonjs"}' ./server/server.ts
Demo service started, listening on port 9000
 [DEBUG] : JWT for [USER_ID] : [TOKEN]
```

All you need to do at this point is simply edit the provided ``client.js`` and ``token.js`` files and send the response.
In the ``client.js`` file, change the `randomUserId` variable to the one displayed in the service logs, check out the file for further instructions.
In the ``token.js`` file, replace the ``token`` variable to the request token broadcasted by the service. Further directions are available in the file itself.

```
node ./client.js
```


If all went well, the service should receive the credentials, validate the signatures, and redirect the user to the dashboard screen.